Finish migration and Readme cleanup (#113)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: README.md

If your CAIP requires images, the image files should be included in a subdirectory of the `assets` folder for that CAIP as follows: `assets/caip-N` (where **N** is to be replaced with the CAIP number). When linking to an image in the CAIP, use relative links such as `../assets/caip-1/image.png`.

## CAIP Status Terms

* **Draft** - an CAIP that is undergoing rapid iteration and changes.
* **Last Call** - an CAIP that is done with its initial iteration and ready for review by a wide audience.
* **Accepted** - a core CAIP that has been in Last Call for at least 2 weeks and any technical changes that were requested have been addressed by the author.

## CAIP Index

* **CAIP-1** - [CAIP Purpose and Guidelines](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-1.md)
* **CAIP-2** - [Blockchain ID Specification](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-2.md)

> * **CAIP-6** - [Blockchain Reference for the LIP9 Namespace](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-6.md) - see [chainagnostic/namespaces#17](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/pull/17)

Reviewer: Imo we should remove CAIPs that are supposed to be in namespaces.

Reviewer: Sure, but they should not be in here anyway. We can open issues for them instead of keeping them in the Readme.

Author: ok done let's gooo

* **CAIP-104** - [Namespace Reference Purpose and Guidelines](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-104.md)

## Namespaces

Please note that CAIPs specific to a blockchain community or namespace have been moved to a separate repository, <a href=https://github.com/chainagnostic/namespaces>`namespaces`</a>, governed by the same processes.  CAIPs 
[3](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/eip155), 
[4](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/bip122), 
[5](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-5.md)),
[23](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/eip155), 
[26](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/tezos), 
[28](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/stellar), and 
[30](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/solana) 
have been migrated. CAIPs
[6](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/pull/6),
[7])(https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/pull/5), and
[13]()

> are still in process of migration.

Author: Is this enough to close #116 , @oed , or should it be more detailed?

Author: I still think it 's good practice to at least mention the CAIPs that have disappeared, in case someone comes looking for them; I take your point about pointing to open PRs, tho! Whatever version of this people prefer more, I'd support merging on today's call to wrap this all up.

```suggestion

## Namespaces

Previously, there were a number of CAIPs that have been migrated to the *namespaces* repository: 3 (eip155), 4 (bip122), 5 (cosmos), 6 (polkadot), 7 (eosio), 13 (), 23, 26, 28 and 30. Chain Agnostic [Namespaces](https://github.com/chainagnostic/namespaces) describe a blockchain ecosystem or set of ecosystems as a namespace, relying as much as possible on the CAIP specifications to minimize the research needed to interact with assets, contracts, and accounts in that namespace. 
```

Reviewer: I just find it kind of weird to treat the earlier namespaces differently from new ones, e.g. giving them special treatment here.

Author: only to tell people who come looking for something they read a year ago and find half the list missing!

Author: i'm ok with either version, tho

Reviewer: I think it's clear enough to say that some CAIPs have been migrated! if they don't see the one they are looking for they will likely click the link anyway!

* **CAIP-27** - [Chain Agnostic Provider Request](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-27.md)
* ~**CAIP-28** - [Blockchain Reference for the Stellar Namespace](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-28.md)~ superseded-by: [namespaces/stellar](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/stellar)
* **CAIP-29** - [Asset Reference for the ERC1155 Asset Namespace](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-29.md)
* ~**CAIP-30** - [Blockchain Reference for the Solana Namespace](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-30.md)~ superseded-by: [namespaces/solana](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/tree/main/solana)
* **CAIP-74** - [CACAO: Chain Agnostic CApability Object](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-74.md)
* **CAIP-76** - [Account Address for the Hedera namespace](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-76.md) - see [chainagnostic/namespaces#16](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/namespaces/pull/16)

> * **CAIP-104** - [Namespace Reference Purpose and Guidelines](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-104.md)

Reviewer: e.g. the ones which are in namespaces now.
